DOCSP-41447 Change Write Insert Docs page to use Project Reactor (#43)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/write-operations/insert-documents.txt

Insert One Document
-------------------

To add a single document to a MongoDB collection, use the static

> ``Mono.from`` method from the ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` to call the ``insertOne()``

Reviewer: S: always display method names with `()`
```suggestion
``Mono.from()`` method from the ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` to call the ``insertOne()``
```

> ``Mono.from`` method from the ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` to call the ``insertOne()``

Reviewer: Q: can you desribe what is mean by `Mono` `Publisher`? Can the Monospace be combined to cover both words?

Author: It is a type of publisher implemented by the library called a mono publisher, which is in the next sentence. Do you think I need to elaborate more on details of the publisher?

> method and pass the document you want to add. The ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` is a

Reviewer: S: recommend breaking this sentence down. Seems like the steps are:
1. use the insertOne method, and pass the document as a parameter. 
2. Pass the insert method call to the Mono.from method (why?)

``Publisher`` implementation from the Project Reactor library. To learn more
about ``Mono``, see `Mono <https://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/reference/#mono>`__ in the Project
Reactor documentation.

> The following example inserts a document with a ``name`` value of ``"Mongo's
> Burgers"`` into the ``restaurants`` collection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example inserts a document in which the ``name`` value is ``"Mongo's
Burgers"`` into the ``restaurants`` collection:
```

.. code-block:: java
   :copyable: true

    Document document = new Document("name", "Mongo's Burgers");
    Mono.from(restaurants.insertOne(document)).block();

Insert Multiple Documents
-------------------------

To add multiple documents to a MongoDB collection, use the static
``Mono.from`` method from the ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` to call the ``insertMany()``
method and pass a list of documents you want to add. The ``Mono`` ``Publisher`` is a
``Publisher`` implementation from the Project Reactor library. To learn more
about ``Mono``, see `Mono <https://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/reference/#mono>`__ in the Project

> Reactor documentation.

Reviewer: S: same comments as above apply here

Insert One Document
-------------------

To add a single document to a MongoDB collection, call the insertOne() method
and pass the document you want to add. Then, pass the insertOne() method to the static

> ``Mono.from()`` method from the ``Mono Publisher``. In {+java-rs+}, you must use

Author: I'm leaving Publisher as monospaced because it is also a technical reference (it is an interface)

``Publisher`` implementations to control how data is transmitted in your
application. The ``Mono Publisher`` is a ``Publisher`` implementation from the Project Reactor library. To learn more
about ``Mono``, see `Mono <https://projectreactor.io/docs/core/release/reference/#mono>`__ in the Project

> Reactor documentation.

Author: Instead of this, implemented the wording i used in write update docs suggested by jordan (Rea and I discussed this over slack)

~~~~~~~

The following code uses the ``insertMany()`` method to insert three new

> documents into the ``restaurants`` collection. It also uses the ``InsertManyOptions().bypassDocumentValidation(true)`` option
> to bypass document-level validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documents into the ``restaurants`` collection. It also sets the ``bypassDocumentValidation(true)`` option
to bypass document-level validation.
```

   documents.add(doc2);
   documents.add(doc3);

>    Mono.from(restaurants.insertMany(documents, new InsertManyOptions().bypassDocumentValidation(true))).block();

Reviewer: S: reduce horizontal scroll
```suggestion
   Mono.from(
       restaurants
           .insertMany(documents,
                       new InsertManyOptions().bypassDocumentValidation(true))
   ).block();
```
